DOCSP-18444 example section (#42)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/usage-examples/bulkWrite.txt

You can perform bulk write operations on a collection by using the
``BulkWrite()`` method.

Example
-------

.. include:: /includes/usage-examples/run-example-tip.rst

The following example performs the following in order on the ``haikus``
collection:

- Matches a document in which the ``title`` is "Record of a Shriveled Datum" and replace it with a new document

> - Matches a document in which the ``title`` is "Dodging Greys" and update that field to "Dodge The Greys"

Reviewer: A couple items:
- "update" needs to have verb agreement
- it's not really the field, but rather a value attached to a field.

```suggestion
- Matches a document in which the ``title`` is "Dodging Greys" and updates that value to "Dodge The Greys"
```
